"Sammy's Children's Day"
(Episode 1)
Watch out!
Morning, Uncle Long.
Rent's due! Hurry up!
Having a drink?
Collecting rent!
Ah San, you're back!
Yeah, I'm back.
You haven't paid yet!
Pay up!
Don't you run!
Stop right there!
You bastard! I'll hack you to death!
My name is He Chusan.
I grew up in the Ganglong Walled City.
The Walled City is a lawless,
dark corner of the city.
It's full of the poor,
gamblers, and prostitutes.
Gangs of all sizes fight for control here,
a never-ending cycle of blood and violence.
But there are also many ordinary people
living in the cracks of this chaos.
Some of us
do everything to avoid the triads,
while others can't wait to join them.
Fei Jie sent this over for you.
Thanks.
Uncle Abe, eat up. It's on the house.
Well, don't mind if I do.
Uncle Abe,
do you know those guys with the knives?
They looked so cool!
Of course I know them.
Those are Xia Liuyi's men.
He's the top enforcer in the Walled City.
The "Red Pole" hand-raised
by the boss of Xiaoqi
Hall, Brother Chengqing.
Red Pole?
A Red Pole is the toughest fighter
in the entire gang.
Six years ago,
to rescue Brother Chengqing
who was surrounded by enemies,
Xia Liuyi went in alone.
With a blade in each hand,
he just kept hacking away.
He took down over forty men!
He chased them
for three whole blocks.
That fight
is known as the "Dark Children's Day."
Ever since then,
if anyone crosses him,
he pulls out his twin blades
and "invites" them to
celebrate Children's Day.
That's not right.
Facing forty enemies,
assuming each enemy has
a 20% chance
of landing a hit on Xia Liuyi,
the probability of him
taking down all forty
without getting a single scratch
is 0.8 to the power of 40.
Which is roughly...
Uncle Abe,
even if Xia Liuyi
is as skilled as you say,
the odds of him beating forty people
without being injured
are practically zero.
Are you calling me a liar?
I was in Xiaoqi Hall back then.
I saw it with my own eyes!
Combat still has to
follow the laws of science.
Besides, gangs always
exaggerate their feats
to look more intimidating.
In reality,
gang life isn't just about breaking the law
and getting arrested.
Even in a small-scale brawl,
the mortality rate is as high as 80%.
For guys like you two,
it's probably closer to 90%.
He Chusan!
Don't think just because
you're in university
you can be so arrogant!
Don't listen to him, boys.
He's studied so much
his brain has gone soft.
Uncle Abe,
you know,
I read recently
about people who
recruit new members for gangs
just to get a referral fee.
You're not doing that, are you?
He Chusan, you looking for a beating?
You old bastard!
Get the hell out of here!
Last time you came here,
you ate and drank your fill
without paying a single cent!
And now you're bullying our Chusan?
I'll beat the life out of you!
Get him!
Fei Jie! Fei Jie!
Scram!
Get lost!
And you two!
Stop wasting your lives.
Look at your hair! What a mess!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Your heads look like feather dusters!
What are you looking at?
Do you have any idea who he is?
He's the first university
student from the Walled City!
He got the top score in
the city to get into HKU!
If he's willing to teach you something,
you should be thanking your lucky stars!
If you want to learn,
learn from our Chusan.
Take your time reading, dear.
Lai Quan!
Don't let me catch you.
When I do, it won't just be about the 20k!
That bastard...
Where is he?
Probably high on something.
Ahao, we can't find him!
Can't find him? Then keep looking!
Go! Move it!
Fei Jie, I'm going to deliver the food now.
Fei Jie, I'm heading out.
Sammy, wait! Hold on.
Here.
Take these two orders of beef offal.
Share them with your father.
It's good for your health!
Thanks, Fei Jie.
Don't mention it.
Come here.
Let me help you with your bag.
Be careful on your way home.
I will.
The gangs have been causing trouble lately.
Stay safe.
I know.
Okay, see you!
Sammy!
Help me take out the
trash, will you? Thanks.
No problem, Uncle Shun. See ya!
Are you blind?!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Hand over the money!
Give it to me!
This isn't my money!
Don't run!
Run!
You little brat, trying to run?
You think you can outrun me?
Give it here!
This money isn't mine!
Give it to me!
I'll kill you, I swear!
L-Liuyi...
I invited you to celebrate,
but you didn't show.
Instead, you're out here
treating people to drinks?
Liuyi...
It's just 20,000 dollars.
Liuyi,
there's no need to be so angry.
I'll pay you back
another day, I promise!
Die!
Go ask around.
When I invite someone, I
don't wait for "another day."
Liuyi, I'm sorry!
I'm sorry, Liuyi!
I chased you through nine blocks,
Lai Quan.
And I finally caught you.
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
He can't see me. He can't see me.
He can't see me...
Boss!
Boss, what are you doing here?
You didn't need to come
for something this small.
I'm noting this failure down.
If you fail at the other task too,
don't bother coming back to see me.
I'm sorry.
Let's go, Lai Quan.
Liuyi is going to help you
celebrate Children's Day.
Boss!
Boss, wait up!
Wait for us!
What a terrible day.
I'm a dead man!
The boss is going to kill me.
Mom, Dad...
I've failed you.
Your son won't be
around to take care of you.
If only I'd listened to you,
I wouldn't have ended up like this.
Do you need me to call a doctor?
Dad!
HKU...
Hong Kong...
You're that university student!
Yes! Yes!
Talk about perfect timing!
I'm the luckiest guy alive today!
I'll kill you!
I'm so pissed off!
Ahao.
Boss.
Where's the dubbing?
This film doesn't have dubbing.
It's supposed to be like this.
Get out!
Come back here.
Boss.
Who is he?
A screenwriter.
A real one.
Boss.
Come closer.
Do you think I'm three years old?
B-Boss...
Boss, I...
He's just a kid who sells beef offal.
No, Boss!
He...
He's that university student!
The one in the papers with the fireworks!
Look.
See?
Thank you, thank you.
You're disturbing my boss!
Thank you, Commissioner.
The Walled City finally
has a university student!
The He family has produced a top scholar!
Boss,
can I make up for my mistake now?
Can I skip the beating?
Lai Quan is right next door.
You know what to do,
don't you?
Got it!
Sit.
Sit over there.
What are they saying in there?
I'm gonna make him
an offer he can't refuse.
And this?
Leave the rest to me.
Not bad.
Eat.
No thanks.
You little brat!
When the boss tells you to eat, you eat!
How many times do I
have to tell you to shut up?
Get out!
It's fine.
Go ahead and eat.
Your family's beef offal is pretty good.
Do you know why I brought you here
today?
To buy beef offal?
Did you study yourself stupid?
Ever heard of a screenwriter?
I want to make a movie.
I want you to write the story.
I'm a finance major.
I don't know how.
Lai Quan is a coward.
He talked after just a few hits.
He said his sister would pay the debt.
His sister is...
the woman of Fat Seven,
the boss of the Hesheng triad.
Lai Sanmei.
Fat Seven really treats her well.
Gave her a car, a house...
diamond rings on every finger.
That bastard has time to sleep with women,
but when Brother Chengqing
invites him to dinner,
what does Lai Sanmei say?
Boss, do you know what she said?
Talk!
Just thinking about that
woman makes me furious.
I called her,
and she said she'd
cut ties with her brother.
Then she just hung up on me!
[Miscelaneous Cantonese swearing]
Bring him in.
Bring him here!
Move it!
Kneel!
Kneel down!
Liuyi...
Liuyi!
My sister won't acknowledge me.
There's nothing I can do!
Liuyi, I'm begging you, please let me go!
Pull out his fingernails.
No! Liuyi!
Please let me go!
Let's go!
Move!
Hold him down!
Don't move!
Another one.
Think about it.
One finger?
Liuyi will help you decide.
Three fingers.
Liuyi, I'll find my mom!
I'll find my mom!
Liuyi!
Please spare me!
One.
Liuyi, no!
No!
No, Liuyi!
Wrap the finger up.
Send it to Lai Sanmei.
Tell her to give Fat Seven a message.
Tonight at ten,
Brother Chengqing
will be at the Fengtai Nightclub
waiting for him.
Go!
Move!
Boss, you...
Catching Lai Quan was just a
way to get to Fat Seven, wasn't it?
Stop wasting my time.
Boss, you're truly a genius!
You...
I know this job.
I love this job!
I'm going crazy stuck at that film studio.
I'm not sending you.
I have something else for you to do.
Who am I hitting?
Just tell me where!
You.
What did you just say?
I...
I'm a finance major.
And?
I... I can write a script.
Good.
Go home.
Wait.
Take the money.
Work for Liuyi,
and you'll never run out of cash.
100,000 dollars.
Dad works ten hours a day.
He charges five dollars per patient.
After the cost of medicine,
his daily net income
is about forty dollars.
That's about 14,000 a year.
Which means Dad would have to work
every single day, rain or shine,
for seven years to earn
100,000 dollars.
Oh my god.
Sammy?
You're back.
Oh,
I left some food on the table.
Why didn't you eat?
Dad,
I already ate at Fei Jie's.
This boy... letting her
spend money on him again.
How embarrassing.
Dad.
Dad, I'm tired.
I'm going to bed.
Okay.
Get some sleep.
You should rest too, Dad.
I will.
Silly boy.
No.
I can't take money from the triads.
It'll only bring trouble to Dad.
Besides, Dad said
Mom died because of them.
If I take their money,
I'm no better than they are.
"101 Love Stories."
They want a script,
I'll give them a script.
But I'm staying out of everything else.
Time to clock out, girls!
Liuyi has some important clients tonight.
Aren't you happy?
Let's go out and have some fun!
Let's go, let's go!
Boss, Fat Seven is here.
Lai Sanmei is with him.
When will Brother Chengqing be here?
He's in Thailand.
I'm hosting today.
Seven.
I've heard so much about you.
Chengqing invited me,
but he's late.
What's that supposed to mean?
Seven,
Brother Chengqing prepared
a special performance for you.
But
Uncle Yuan suddenly had a heart attack.
Everyone knows
Brother Chengqing
is very close to Uncle Yuan.
As soon as he heard,
he rushed to the hospital.
But he
didn't want you to miss
this incredible show,
so he asked me to host you.
If Chengqing isn't here,
who the hell are you?
Come on, greet him!
Greet him!
Hello, Boss!
Since you're already here,
why not stay and have some fun?
Fine, fine.
Go.
Seven,
our nightclub isn't bad, right?
Look,
about opening a drug den on your turf...
Seven.
Liuyi, you're here.
I saw the "Closed" sign outside
and thought some punks
were slacking off and
partying on their own.
Brother Xu.
Fat Seven, you're here too!
Liuyi,
this is where you're wrong.
The boss is in Thailand,
and Seven is here to play.
I should be the one hosting him.
Right, Seven?
What's going on?
Chengqing isn't here,
Xia Liuyi,
are you playing me?
If Chengqing isn't here, do you really
think you're important enough to invite me?
Alright, Seven, calm down.
This is our turf.
Boss, do we move?
Brother Chengqing is here!
Boss.
Move, move!
Seven, long time no see.
Something urgent came up as I was leaving,
so I sent my brother to keep you company.
You don't think
I was trying to snub you, do you?
No.
Everyone has things
they can't get away from.
We're brothers, aren't we?
I knew I could count on you.
You've always been generous.
Unlike me,
I've always been the skinny type.
Since you're so busy,
I'll keep it short.
I wanted to talk to you
about the nightclub business.
Whatever you say goes.
I heard you recently
got the best shipment from Thailand.
If I can make money while doing nothing,
of course I'm in.
However,
I have a brother-in-law
named Lai Quan.
Liuyi told me about it.
His men grabbed the wrong person
and he's been worried sick.
So,
I told him to come here
and apologize to you in person.
Seven,
my men grabbed the wrong guy.
It was my mistake.
I'll drink to that.
It's fine.
Don't worry about it.
He has to.
He'll be managing
the Hesheng nightclub from now on.
But he goes and messes with
the wrong person right away.
What's that about?
We're having a good time today,
let's not talk about this crap, okay?
Liuyi,
pour Seven a drink.
Okay.
Pouring.
Seven,
please forgive my mistake.
This drink is for you.
Bottoms up.
Seven,
it really was just a misunderstanding.
Work hard, kid.
You've got a good boss looking out for you.
Ahao, see Seven out.
Akun,
take our brothers to check out the place.
Let's go.
Okay.
This way.
[More Cantonese swearing]
Are you kidding me?
That damn Fat Seven...
he can really drink.
He drank all my booze!
Unbelievable.
Brother,
why did you come back so suddenly?
are you really giving me this nightclub?
Are you doubting me?
When have I ever lied to you?
If I hadn't come back early,
how were you going to fix this mess?
Brother,
I'm just lucky.
I have you to clean up after me, right?
Besides, the movie studio
and the money laundering...
Cui Dongdong should be handling that.
Brother, what am I?
A Red Pole!
I should be on the front lines for you,
taking over territory.
Being stuck at the
studio every day is boring.
Listen to me.
The nightclub is yours,
but the studio is still your priority.
One month.
I'm giving you one month
to get that movie made.
Go oversee it yourself.
And spend some time with Xiaoman.
No, Brother!
The studio is so dull.
Every time I'm there,
I feel like...
Brother?
Brother, are you okay?
I'm fine.
I've just been busy.
A bit tired.
You've been working too hard.
Take it easy, Brother.
I only want what's best for you.
I've told you so many times,
if you wear a suit, you
have to tie your tie properly.
But you never listen.
You rebel.
I'm leaving.
Get some rest, Brother.
See ya.
Boss,
does that mean we have
to go back to the studio?
Are you stupid?
The movie has to be made.
That's a direct order from my brother.
But
that director you found
says it'll take a month.
What's he trying to do?
Win an Oscar?
Reporting, Boss!
We'll finish the movie
in just ten days.
And for the rest of the month,
we'll keep partying at the nightclub!
Do you want to die?
Boss!
I'll kick your ass!
Don't run!
Boss!
Hao Chengqing,
for the sake of some pretty boy,
you'd throw me away, the brother
who's been through hell with you?
The midnight bell has just struck,
The neon lights are flashing bright.
Who's looking for escape in a glass?
Who's causing trouble on the dance floor?
When the music starts,
don't think too much,
Let your body move on its own.
Drown out all your worries,
Follow the rhythm and dance like crazy.
That was great!
You're the best, Boss!
I'm not going to a nightclub!
I won't go!
Let me go! Let me go!
In this moment, who cares about tomorrow?
Boss.
I brought the kid.
Anything else?
Go have fun.
Okay!
He's here!
Keep partying!
University student.
It's been three days.
Where's the script?
The Little Mermaid,
to see her human prince again,
makes a deal with the Sea Witch.
She endures the pain of losing her tail
and fins...
Keep reading.
In exchange for legs to walk on land.
When she steps onto the shore,
every step feels like walking on knives.
Louder!
Still, she searches hopefully
for her prince.
But she doesn't know
that in the shadows of this port city,
there lurks a terrifying
twin-blade-wielding triad boss.
The boss controls
the city's underground trade.
And he uses twin blades.
Sounds pretty cool, doesn't it?
What are you ducking for?
Don't try to be clever with me.
Mocking your boss in your writing?
University student,
that's not how you earn money.
Rewrite it.
Okay.
Now.
The midnight bell has just struck,
The neon lights are flashing bright.
I'm a finance major,
I don't know how to write scripts.
Who's looking for escape in a glass?
Who's causing trouble on the dance floor?
When the music starts,
don't think too much,
Let your body move on its own.
Drown out all your worries,
Follow the rhythm and dance like crazy.
Heart's pounding fast,
Alcohol's burning bright.
In this moment, who cares about tomorrow?
Who is it?
Boss!
Brother Chengqing
is coming to the studio
to check on us!
His wife is with him too.
They're already on their way!
Wake everyone up! Now!
Get up!
Back to the studio!
I have class!
Let's go!
Ten minutes.
Forget about class!
I'm giving you ten minutes
to write a new story,
or I'll kill you!
Wait a second!
Hurry up!
Or I'll help you celebrate Children's Day!
Assistant Director!
Get moving!
Hurry, hurry, hurry!
All departments, move it!
Get to work!
Be quick about it!
And over here, move it!
Hurry up!
Move!
Everyone, get moving!
Boss.
Assistant Director!
I'm here, I'm here!
Come here.
Ahao, help me with my clothes.
Brother Chengqing, Sister-in-law.
Boss.
Come, come.
This way.
Take her to get her makeup done.
Let's go take some costume photos.
Boss, this way.
Please, sit.
Where's Liuyi?
Liuyi?
He's out with the screenwriter
looking for inspiration
for the script.
I heard
he's been hanging out
in Lan Kwai Fong lately.
That's not true.
It's all thanks to Liuyi.
He took me everywhere to find inspiration.
Otherwise,
I never could have
written such a great story.
Of course!
If Brother Chengqing wants
our boss to make a movie,
it has to be an Oscar-worthy one.
Don't worry.
If you need anything in the future,
just let me know.
Liuyi will definitely help you.
Brother,
what are you doing here?
You're dressed just like Chow Yun-fat.
I came to see how your Oscar-winning movie
is coming along.
It's going great.
Xiaoman wanted to come out for a walk too.
Sister.
Don't scare her.
The doctor said she shouldn't be startled.
What did the doctor say?
Same as always.
She's becoming more and more confused.
The medicine isn't helping.
She often mistakes people for others.
Sometimes she doesn't even recognize me.
This is our screenwriter.
Let me introduce you.
A top student from HKU,
known as the "Drama-Obsessed Genius."
He loves creating stories.
Drama-Obsessed Genius?
Tell us about your script.
Read it!
A dashing, carefree triad enforcer
falls in love with a beautiful
woman from the streets.
But after their romantic encounter,
the woman is taken by a rival gang.
The rival gang, who had long desired her,
takes advantage of the enforcer's absence
and kidnaps her in a swift strike,
intending to use her for
blackmail and humiliation.
One man with twin
blades takes on forty men...
This sounds just like
when our boss rescued Brother Chengqing.
In the end, the enforcer
and the beautiful woman
live happily ever after...
You little...
How dare you write this crap!
You want to die?
I think it's pretty good.
Let's film it.
Once Xiaoman is done with her photos,
I'll take you both back
to the villa for dinner.
But Brother,
his script is basically...
I've told you many times,
if you wear a suit, you
have to tie your tie properly.
If you don't know how, you'll
just end up making a mess.
You rebel.
I'm off.
Take care, Brother.
Ahao,
take him down and check him over.
Got it.
If nothing's broken,
keep writing that script.
Get up.
Let's go.
Get up!
Triads are all thugs.
And Xia Liuyi
is the worst of them all.
I've missed two days of class already.
My scholarship is gone.
Will I have to ask Dad
for next year's tuition?
He works so hard.
You wrote this?
It's really good.
What's wrong?
Are you not feeling well?
I'm fine.
Who did this to you?
It was Xia Liuyi.
Liuyi is being naughty again.
I'll go talk to him for you.
No, no, no!
It's okay.
I have to.
He's always like this.
That's why he has no friends.
But don't blame him.
He just has no one to play with.
Back then,
he was so pitiful.
It was just the two of us.
Are you the lead actress?
Why aren't you filming?
Filming?
What's the point?
No matter how much I film,
he'll never watch it.
I thought
I loved him,
and he loved me too.
That what we had was love.
But...
I heard you're a genius screenwriter.
You must know a lot about love.
Genius screenwriter?
He just made that up.
Then can you tell me,
what is love?
Love?
Xiaoman!
Time for photos.
We're just waiting for you.
Xiaoman.
Call her Sister-in-law!
Liuyi,
you can't just hit people.
It's not nice.
Okay, okay.
I'm sorry.
I won't do it again.
Liuyi is a good boy.
Alright.
Let's go take the photos.
Everyone's waiting.
Just for you.
Let's go, let's go.
Next time, tell me the answer.
I'll be watching you.
Okay, okay.
Let's go. Photos!
Let's go.
[Liuyi Children's...]
I should go find some inspiration.
Like a dog,
barking and barking.
What is love?
Love is when someone
is willing to risk everything for you.
They'd even give up their life
just to save you.
They aren't afraid of getting hurt,
or the pain.
They'd even die for you.
They'll stand up for you
when you're most helpless.
And when you're on the brink of despair,
they'll hold you tight.
Time to eat!
Dinner's ready!
Let's eat!
Food's here!
Time to eat, Boss!
Eat first, play later!
Come and eat!
Dinner time!
Food's ready! Food's ready!
Let's eat!
He Chusan!
Get over here and eat!
Coming!
Boss, Boss, Boss!
What happened?
If one day,
someone like that
appears in your life,
don't hesitate.
Don't run away.
You must use all your strength
to hold onto them.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Boss, how are you?
Are you alright?
How are you feeling?
Are you hurt?
Because their eyes
will tell you one thing...
I love you.
Boss,
I'll go tell them to be quiet.
No need.
This is a good thing.